so far-
So, we have a community space, um, this is how it kind of looks.
And, um, you can create a post,
And, um, I'm gonna follow up with you directly from
from, uh, from this community space.
If you do have questions, um,
Um, my suggestion is to post them... post the questions directly on this community space.
Um, rather than direct messaging me directly, if possible,
Um, because, like, other learners might have the same...
questions as you do, and, like, by posting those questions,
You'll be helping other learners, too, in your cohort.
Okay.
Oh, and by the way, in this presentation, feel free to interrupt me anytime, and I'm...
Um, I may not look at the, uh, what... what... okay.
Yeah, it would all hurt.
Okay. So, thank you very much for the opportunity.
Yeah.
I probably had my Android, but there was a message from someone
And also, for me, the person is trying to inform you that
For 7 employees.
our default, um...
presentation or communication platform for presentations like this is not Zoom, it's Teams.
Hmm. Hmm.
So, and we are actually not allowed to install
Zoom, but somehow, because...
Without difficulty...
seen other persons in teams, we somehow just...
temporarily decided to install this Zoom, so I don't know how you will help.
Hmm.
those of us who are primary...
museum to attend this meeting is Teams.
Because nobody's there.
Right.
Oh. Yeah, um...
This session is not being conducted in Teams.
Yeah, that's... that's the thing. That's one thing I'm also wondering, because, like, in past sessions with, uh, with Chevron,
Uh, we usually use Microsoft Teams.
But for some reason, they changed it to Zoom this time.
Um, if I had to guess, it's probably, uh, to allow me to
um, have more features.
Um, to use in the presentation.
Um, like, like in Zoom, I see that I can create polls, survey, and I can even define you into groups.
Um, which allows you to, like,
Um, well, which allow us to do more things, really, in the presentation, which is kind of nice.
So, yeah.
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
But I'll be sure to ask them, for sure, um, and I'm gonna post in the community if we have an answer.
From the... from either Udeski or Chefron, alright- So why do we...
switch to Microsoft, uh, to Zoom, by the way.
Okay, and, um, yeah.
Thanks for the investment.
Yeah, no problem at all.
And yeah, uh... right before...
Um... uh...
right before, um, I...
I ask Udo, I actually wanted to say that I don't see the, uh, the hand raised all the time.
So, um, feel free to interrupt me by, like,
just by making a noiser or anything, right-
So, if hand-raise doesn't help, just interrupt me anytime.
Okay.
Alright, so the strategy to complete this course...
Um, I find it...
um... personally,
For me, uh, it... to move things faster,
Um, I prefer to start working on my projects.
Work until I'm stuck, and when I'm stuck, only when I'm stuck, I'm gonna go back to the lessons.
And, um...
I'm gonna keep learning from the videos, from the classroom.
Until I found the answer to my questions, or... or...
Or until I... I was able to unstuck myself.
Um, this is like, um...
for me, I find, like,
goal-based learning, uh, helps me better.
if I have a purpose, I have a goal, it makes it easier for me to learn.
But, yeah, some people might find it easier to go through the basics, and that's alright, too.
That said, though, um, many of the course exercises are
are found to be helpful for many Python beginners. So, um, I do suggest that you
take a look at each of them, and try to complete them.
And by the way, to complete a course,
You don't have to complete all the exercises, alright- You just need to complete the...